docs: add newbie guideline and template (#47834)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/moderator-handbook.md

If you think we're wrong in closing this issue, please request for it to be reopened and add further clarification. Thank you and happy coding.
```

### Adding comment about newbie mistakes

```markdown

> As a new contributor, we encourage you to read our contributing guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a new contributor, we encourage you to read our [contributing guidelines](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org).
```

We expect our contributors to be aware of the process specific to this project. Following the guidelines religiously earns you the respect of fellow maintainers and saves everyone time.

Some examples of this are:

> 1. Do not edit off of GitHub–while you can, it's not a good idea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Do not edit files directly through GitHub – while you can, it's not a good idea.
```

2. Make sure you follow the PR checklist and not just tick things off; otherwise, we won't take you seriously.

> 3. Use the correct way to link PRs in the description of the PR by updating the `XXXXXX`. Do not just add issue numbers everywhere and anywhere you feel like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the correct way to link issues in the description of the PR by updating the `XXXXXX`. Do not just add issue numbers everywhere and anywhere you feel like.
```

> 4. Use mentions in comments or review requests to a minimum or not. We understand you are excited about contributing, and our maintainers will get back to you as soon as they get a chance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use mentions in comments or review requests to a minimum or not. We understand you are excited about contributing, and our maintainers will get back to you as soon as they get a chance.
5. Do not work directly off your `main` branch - create a new branch for the changes you are working on.
```

If you think we're wrong in closing this issue, please request for it to be reopened and add further clarification. Thank you and happy coding.
```

### Adding comment about newbie mistakes

```markdown
As a new contributor, we encourage you to read our [contributing guidelines](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org).

We expect our contributors to be aware of the process specific to this project. Following the guidelines religiously earns you the respect of fellow maintainers and saves everyone time.

Some examples of this are:

1. Do not edit files directly through GitHub – while you can, it's not a good idea.
2. Make sure you follow the PR checklist and not just tick things off; otherwise, we won't take you seriously.
3. Use the correct way to link issues in the description of the PR by updating the `XXXXXX`. Do not just add issue numbers everywhere and anywhere you feel like.

> 4. Use mentions in comments or review requests to a minimum or not. We understand you are excited about contributing, and our maintainers will get back to you as soon as they get a chance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Keep mentions and review requests to a minimum. We understand you are excited about contributing, and our maintainers will get back to you as soon as they get a chance.
```
